#summary Archive of jTracert related news and updated
#labels Deprecated

== 17 March 2009 - jTracert 0.1.1 released ==

We're glad to announce a new version of jTracert - 0.1.1
Changes since previous version:

  * Added support for OSGi environments (Issue 14)
  * Analyze native method calls on JRE 1.6+
  * View dependencies tool added to jTracert GUI (Menu item Extras\View dependencies)
  * Create shell wrappers for convinient executing jTracert GUI on GNU/Linux and Windows operation systems
  * jTracert is now packages as a single zip archive file
  * Fixed integration test on JDK 1.5
  * Some other minor refactorings

== 05 March 2009 - jTracert 0.1.0 released ==

jTracert 0.1.0 is the first version of jTracert which comes with a special GUI frontend.
Now it's much more convenient to use jTracert

Some significant changes since previous version:

  * A new GUI frontend introduced; you can execute it with 'java -jar jTracert-gui-0.1.0.jar'
  * Bugfixing (Issue 10, Issue 11, Issue 12, Issue 13)
  * jTracert will try using short class names (without package) if applicable and -!DshortenClassNames=false is not specified

== 17 February 2009 - jTracert 0.0.5 released ==

We're glad to announce a new version of jTracert - 0.0.5
Changes since previous version:
  * Bugfixing (Issue 8 and Issue 9)
  * License switched to [http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt GNU GPL version 3]

== 27 January 2009 - jTracert 0.0.4 released ==

New version of jTracert is now released.
Changes:
  * Numerous defects fixed ( Issue 2, Issue 3, Issue 4, Issue 5, Issue 6 )
  * Large projects support improved
  * Implemented small framework for integration tests - users are now welcomed to send their applications in case of having any problems

I've also updated sdedit hosted in this site to version 3.0.5

== 6 January 2009 - happy New Year and Merry Christmas; some news about jTracert ==

Dear jTracert users, happy New Year and Merry Christmas!
I hope that jTracert will become more useful and gain new users in 2009 year.

In spite of a break in releases (last release was in September), I'm still working on this project.
You can the latest version of jTracert from SVN and build it yourself.
See [http://code.google.com/p/jtracert/wiki/BuildingJTracertFromSVN BuildingJTracertFromSVN] page for details.

jTracert is now presented on ohloh.net: https://www.ohloh.net/p/jTracert

Join our [http://groups.google.com/group/jtracert new discussion group] and watch the project using [http://code.google.com/p/jtracert/feeds feeds].

If you want to contribute to this project, do not hesitate to contact me: [mailto:Dmitry.Bedrin@gmail.com Dmitry.Bedrin@gmail.com] !

== 9 September 2008 - big thanks for your feedback; jTracert 0.0.3 released ==

First of all, I'd like to thank the jTracert users for the feedback. This project is very young, but anyway we already have a couple hundreds of downloads and thousands visitors from the entire world. A first defect ( Issue 1 ) was opened in bug tracking system and was successfully closed.

Based on the received feedback, following two features are top priority:
  * A separate specific GUI for jTracert
  * Better perfomance and ability to work on big enterprise applications

I believe that these two features are mandatory for the first beta version release.

New features in jTracert 0.0.3:
  * New experimental support of http://www.websequencediagrams.com/ See WebSequenceDiagrams
  * Issue 1 fixed
  * Unit tests fixed
  * Various refactorings

== 9 June 2008 - jTracert 0.0.2 released ==

New features:
  * Removing duplicate method calls from jTracert output
  * Support of nested self-calls
  * [ZanthanSequence Support of Zanthan SEQUENCE file format]
  * Numerous bugfixes and performance improvements
  * CLI interface cleaned and refactored

== 31 May 2008 - jTracert 0.0.1 released ==

We're proud to present you the very first version of jTracert